Kindle Import
--------------------------------------------------

Kindle Import is an App for the HP TouchPad that will faciliate sideloading books into the Kindle application.

Packaging the Application.

Linux users can call 'make package' or './ipkg-build.sh ./'

Version 1.3.2

Added debug logging

Version 1.3.1:

Moved the book list below the function buttons to make them easier to access
Made asynchronous calls synchronous to prevent a collision when loading 500+ books at once

Version 1.3.0:

Added the ability to delete one or more books in addition to the delete all books option
Added the ability to change the book "locations" field prior or after importing
Disabled buttons that should not be used while in the current view
Added the ablity to choose which books to import (defaults to all)
User interface enhancements
Updated help dialog to reflect the new changes

Version 1.2.0:

Added launch icon and updated help documentation.


Version 1.1.6:

Added a default cover image if a cover image is not provided.


Version 1.1.5:

Updated README and the Help Dialog to reflect the functional changes in 1.1.4.


Version 1.1.4:

Version 1.1.4 of the app should fix the database permissions issue.


Version 1.1.2:

Version 1.1.2 of the app automatically add the database permissions needed for the app to work. You no longer need to copy the com.palm.kindle file.


Version 1.1.0:

Version 1.1.0 of the app can work in conjunction with the export (mobi) book functionality in Calibre which can be downloaded from http://calibre-ebook.com/.  This version uses the name of the book file to extract the title, author, and ASIM (optional) from the filename of the book (Title - Author - ASIN.mobi).  The default Calibre export filename for mobi files will work without modification.  See the Help menu for detailed instructions.


Version 1.0.0:

version 1.0.0 of the app uses an pipe-delimited import file containing the book metadata to import mobi books.  You can use this version if you would prefer to use book filenames that do not follow the convention used in version 1.1.0.

- View the Help menu for more detailed instructions

